product/productId:B07HGH3G6H
product/name:Samsung Galaxy M20 (Ocean Blue , 4GB RAM, 64GB Storage, 5000mAH Battery)
review/text:If you are planning to buy this mobile, then read this & then decide it yourself. I bought Samsung m20 in first sale, using it from last 2 weeks. As samsung launched such mobile first time at this competitive price, expected many things. EDIT: Now using M20, almost from 6 months, got few OTA updates, after updating the difference is noticeable, performance got improved as compared to before, also the auto-brightness issue which I faced earlier is now solved. Pros: 1. Samsung branding: so you can expect better after sale support in service center,incase if you need to visit. 2. TFT Full HD+ display: though it's not Amoled, but still looks good in outdoor & bright enough, Notch display. 3. 5000 mAh battery: With moderate usage, it will last for more than a day. ( with 7-8 hours Screen On Time) 4. Widevine L1 support: You can stream HD content from Netflix or Amazon prime video. 5. Wide angle camera works well. 6. Type C support. 7. Dolby atmos & Cam2api support. 8, 13MP+5MP Rear camera clicks great pics in natural light conditions. 9. Dedicated slot for memory card to extend storage capacity. 10. OTG support. 11. Fingerprint sensor is responsive and fast. Cons: 1. PUBG works in medium settings, but after 20 minutes mobile starts heating, same in case of Asphalt 9. (Solved after update) 2. Though it supports Fast charging, but still takes 2 & half hours to charge fully but still understandable as it has huge 5000 mAh battery. 3. Processor is Exynos 7904, which is less powerful than Snapdragon 636. however, performance is optimized with software and reduced pre-loaded apps. 4. No notification LED. 5. Lags while multitasking, it takes few seconds to load app. Issue resolved after update. 6. Auto brightness doesn't work properly. After update working properly now. 7. No EIS (Electronic Image Stabilization) for front camera while video recording. Actually hardly any phones in this segment have this feature. Samsung should include this feature in future phones to make them stand out! 8. As it has plastic glossy finish, attracts fingerprints easily. Get good back cover to solve it. Final Words: If you are someone looking to buy mobile for your parents or daily usage, then this is good choice. Overall, after 6 months, I’m satisfied with the device and would recommend this phone as an all-round device. Gave some issues in the beginning but later resolved via software updates. If need, Will edit review, after using for few days.
review/text:Defective product received. The cell phone is hanging up again and again.i recently visited to Samsung Care Center they checked my phone and said that your phone have some sort of manufacturer default.
review/text:Pros: Cheap, Screen size, weight, Audio clarity in headset, Smooth OS (4 GB Model). Cons: 1) Lot of junk samsung pre installed apps. No option to uninstall. 2) Even though phone had 5000 mah battery hardly get getting 1 day backup with 6 hours sot. ( only 8 apps installed other than pre installed like whatsapp, outlook, facebook, myjio, jio tv and 3 bank apps) 3) Camera quality is very poor. Painting effect is more in photos if we zoom. 4) Phone gets overheated if we watch youtube or in memory movies more than 40 to 50 mins After disabling 6 Samsung apps my phone backup increased. Now I am getting more than 1.5 days battery. Around 2 GB free ram. OS is very smooth. After 3 days Disabled all Samsung inbuild apps and Facebook, After 37 hours from full charging 7 hour screen on time I have around 28% battery left with Jio and bsnl sims.
review/text:Pros - 1. Big battery, almost 1 and half day with moderate use. 2. Camera is good. 3. Notch screen, just beautiful Cons - 1. So far, I am facing the most ancient disease of samsung on mid range phone ie. Hang issue. Sometimes, it's apps are open automatically. Overall, I have purchased this item because I want a big battery phone and I am glad it is up to the mark. P.S. - the con is have wrote above is maybe I received a faulty product. Hope it May help you guys to make your decision.
review/text:Friends this is my feeling that more good options are available in this price- 1. display durability very poor but quality is great. 2. Camera quality is not satisfying specially front camera. 3. Low light image quality is very poor.
review/text:Firstly the look of the phone is amazing with its amazing notch display it looks attractive. The phone battery is awesome 5000 mAh. Although it has huge battery still its light weight that's great. Having a good hand feeling it feels easy to hold. With its Octa-core processor its faster than any other phones in this range. Back camera is dual camera and is quiet good with 13+5 MP. Good portraits and even good low light photos with LED flash, panorama, HDR. Even good vidoes in 1080p @30fps. 8MP front camera with 1080p@30fps video recording that's something more amazing. It has display of 6.3 inches, with 1080 x 2340 pixels, and aspect ratio of 19.5:9. This phone is worth buying in this price range available in two variants 3+32 gb and 4+64 gb and also in two colours charcoal black and Ocean blue. Finger print sensor and fast face unlock. In this price range being a renowned brand people are gonna run after this that's for sure. Its gonna be a tough fight between other mobiles and this one
review/text:Don't waste your money buying this phone. The camera colors the face too artificial... Even regular pics in various modes that I've tried were below average. Image quality and sharpness is much inferior even compared to what the reviews say. I didn't expect wonders from a phone of this price range, but seriously Samsung has really let me down after all the hype and brilliant marketing of M20. Worst, the customer care just wouldn't replace or return the phone even after umpteen phone calls to their customer care and complaining about the quality, hit and miss facial recognition, pathetic camera pics under low lights. I'd been wanting to write a review since the day it got delivered and I started testing it, but Amazon wouldn't let me put a review even after 5 days of delivery (as honest reviews like mine would impact their upcoming flash sales:)
review/text:DO NOT PURCHASE. FALSE ADVERTISING AND PRODUCT IS NOT NEW. I RECEIVED A DIRTY AND DUSTY PHONE. PHONE SOLD IN USA, BUT COMES WITH A FOREIGN CHARGER. BOX CLEARLY STATES " MADE FOR INDIA SIM CARD". STAY AWAY. THIS IS A SCAM.
review/text:The phone came is good condition but the only problem is that is was a bit dusty when I took it out of the box. The box also looks like it fell and the corners are pushed in. Overall the phone looks in good condition. The only concerning part of it is that the box says only use in India sim, but the description says that it’s international sim.
review/text:The phone has exceeded my expectations for the price that it's set at. When it came, it had been opened already but it looks like it was opened so it could be unlocked. The three important things for a phone are above average on this phone. Screen, Performance and Battery. The speakers are ok for movies and voice, but lack for music. The camera is fine, good for every day snaps, but not flagship level. It feels thin and very well made. The tall aspect ratio is fantastic. Samsung have actually made a 200 dollar phone that not only looks and feels great, but performs in all the important departments. I'm super happy with this purchase.
review/text:It was not scheduled to arrive until 8/20----8/24 and it came 8/17/2019. What a wonderful surprise. Everything in my old phone transferred over in lease than 10 mins. All that's left is transferring my number. I loved my J7 the M20 has more to offer. I love Samsungs phones because they are so user-friendly and they work fantastic with my HP Envy.
review/text:This phone is a good gaming phone I can play my first person shooter games and the controls are very smooth long lasting battery life even while I'm playing games good quality pictures even in low level light for a mid-range phone this phone is high quality
