If you are planning to buy this mobile, then read this & then decide it yourself. I bought Samsung m20 in first sale, using it from last 2 weeks. As samsung launched such mobile first time at this competitive price, expected many things. EDIT
Pros
Friends this is my feeling that more good options are available in this price- 1. display durability very poor but quality is great. 2. Camera quality is not satisfying specially front camera. 3. Low light image quality is very poor.
Don't waste your money buying this phone. The camera colors the face too artificial... Even regular pics in various modes that I've tried were below average. Image quality and sharpness is much inferior even compared to what the reviews say. I didn't expect wonders from a phone of this price range, but seriously Samsung has really let me down after all the hype and brilliant marketing of M20. Worst, the customer care just wouldn't replace or return the phone even after umpteen phone calls to their customer care and complaining about the quality, hit and miss facial recognition, pathetic camera pics under low lights. I'd been wanting to write a review since the day it got delivered and I started testing it, but Amazon wouldn't let me put a review even after 5 days of delivery (as honest reviews like mine would impact their upcoming flash sales
The phone came is good condition but the only problem is that is was a bit dusty when I took it out of the box. The box also looks like it fell and the corners are pushed in. Overall the phone looks in good condition. The only concerning part of it is that the box says only use in India sim, but the description says that it’s international sim.
It was not scheduled to arrive until 8/20----8/24 and it came 8/17/2019. What a wonderful surprise. Everything in my old phone transferred over in lease than 10 mins. All that's left is transferring my number. I loved my J7 the M20 has more to offer. I love Samsungs phones because they are so user-friendly and they work fantastic with my HP Envy.
